1. git init initializes a new repository.

2. git add adds the file to the "index" but I am not really sure why you have to do that before you commit the file. git commit actually records the changes locally, but git add just gets the file ready to be committed?

3. Staged is when the file has been selected and then it is ready to be committed. Once a file is committed, that revision is saved in your local repository.

4. git commit -a is the shortcut for adding all files and committing them

5. git reset HEAD -- path/to/file
   To see the different commits: git log path/to/file
   Get the right version of the file: git checkout <commit> path/to/file 
   Commit that modification: git commit

6. Commit messages are important because they tell you what modifications you made at each commit, which makes it a lot easier to find which past version you want to revert to.

7. git checkout -b old-state <commit-id>

8. Hit the esc key, then type :q

GitHub Research

1. Git is the system for controlling revisions. GitHub is a service that hosts git repositories. git could exist without GitHub, but not the other way around.

2. "Forking" is one thing that makes GitHub cool. You can take someone else's code and make your own revisions to it. If the original owner likes the changes, he can add it into his code.

3. git push updates your remote repositories (like GitHub)

4. git pull is like running git fetch and then git merge. It incorporates changes from a remote repository into the current branch

Whats the Internet Again?

1. A request is something like a URL

2. A "client" makes the request

3. The request goes to a specific server based on its IP address.

4. The server processes the request and responds with information.

5. The server sends back the requested data in html format which the computer presents on the screen.

6. The computer displays the information on the screen.

Ruby Rocks

1. It says 404 in big font on the screen and says that there is not a site at that address.

2. The server could not find a webpage at the given address.

3. The first 4 means that it is a client error (5 is a server error). The 0 means that it is a general syntax error. The last 4 is the specific error (no page at that address)

4. Yes
